Varys, second in command of the Golden Core.
The Golden Core rose to power recently,
and rumor has it that big wigs and politicians
are secretly working with them.
Not on the Forbes list, but their wealth is enormous.
Their boss, unknown, only as the captain.
It's very mysterious.
But Varys has helped us secure our family glory.
The commander and the captain are the only ones
to give Varys orders, but he's devoted to me,
so prepared to meet your demise.
He's only the second, not the captain.
Don't worry, I got this.
No need.
They don't know who they're messing with.
I was unaware you represented the entire Golden Core.
Honors to the commander.
Save your closing troops.
The captain is here.
You'll acknowledge him.
Captain Varys.
Honors to the captain.